"You're ALL going to regret not dating me in high school."
"); DROP TABLE Students; - -"
"Thank you Based God. Swag." - Lil B the Based God
"One time I ate a bagel."
*flips hair*
"Scrive for excellence" - Gucci Mane
"If you hold a UNIX shell to your ear, can you hear the C?"
"Why are you reading this?"
"Hello there." - General Kenobi, /Star Wars/
"If I learned one thing from Computer Science it is that fixing 1 problem leads to 127 more."
"Hannah Montana says no one's perfect, but here I am."
"No, your senior quote can't be 'fries before guys'" - Dad
"When I die, I want the people who did group projects with me to lower me into the ground so they can let me down one last time."
"you're*" - Unknown
"If you like water, you already like 72% of me."
"I spent 113,880 hours of my life just for a handshake and a piece of paper."
"Wow! I'm glad that's over!"
"Can I please stay another year?" - No one
"The roof is not my son, but I will raise it" - Anonymous
"Any pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard enough."
"Why fall in love when you can fall asleep?"
"When's this due?"
"Onions have layers." - Shrek
"They asked me to write something, so here it is: Something"
"Something."
"Honey! Where is my supersuit!" - Frozone, /The Incredibles/
"I bequeath my locker to my younger brother."
"No more homework! No more books! No more teacher's dirty looks!"
"I finally learned how to right good!"
"High School Musical is pretty unrealistic."
"I hate my name."
"I got a haircut and no one noticed."
"I got kicked out of Hogwarts for using black magic."
"I hear everything."
"Just because you're called trash doesn't mean you can't do great things. It's called garbage can, not garbage cannot."
"No, I did not have a farm."
"Don't use that stupid photo of yourself for the yearbook." - Mom
"I would like to thank my arms for always being on my side, my legs for always supporting me, and my fingers for always being able to count on them."
"Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning."
"Why you no doctor yet?" - Dad
"I look better in person"
"They call me bubbles, because I'm always rising to the top."
"I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them."
"I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals; I'm a vegetarians because I hate plants."
"I asked God for a bike, but I knew that God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked God for forgiveness."
"What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?" - Paarthurnax, Skyrim.
"You can't see me." - John Cena
"Education is important but big biceps are importanter."
"I do have a soul."
"My A's turned into B's and so did my grades, God bless."
"I am not a myth. I am a legend."
"100 character limit for our senior quote? That seems unfair. We refused to be constrained by these ru."
"Remember to always be yourself, unless you suck. Then try to be someone else."
"It's not that I should succeed - others should fail."
"That wasn't like High School Musical at all."
"Was released from his four year sentence."
"Was released from her four year sentence."
"I want more Fridays and pancake."
"That's what" - She
"YOU SHALL NOT PASS! . . . but I did."
"I'm gonna go stand outside. If anyone asks, I'm outstanding."
"When it comes to random security checks, I always win. Always."
"I want to thank Google, Wikipedia, and whoever invented copy and paste. Thank you."
"I don't know, you can put in some quote for me."
"My computer screen is brighter than my future."
"My computer screen is brighter than my future. And I use dark mode."
"HYAAAAAAH!" - Link, /Legend of Zelda/
"Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy Taco Bell, which is basically the same thing."
"I like to eat candy."
"Wow, they are great."
"Eagles may soar in the clouds, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines."
"Four years later and I'm still an idiot."
"Four years later and I'm still an idiot. Thanks for nothing."
"Bruh, we graduated just to go to school again."
"Trapped in yearbook factory, send help."
"I hope natural selection takes care of people who block the hallways."
"If someone asks you to do something, do it really bad so they don't ask you again" - Paris Hilton.
"If the world is my oyster, than I must have an allergy to shellfish."
"Put something inspirational." - Mom
"I love me a good pancake."
"Bow ties make everything look prepossessing. I Googled that word."
"I get butterflies when I think of myself."
"I was gifted with an issue."
"Goats are like mushrooms, if you shoot a duck, I'm scared of toasters."
"Going out tonight? LOL! You're not! Come join us, loser." - Netflix
"No." - Rosa Parks
"Yes." - Talking Ben
"No." - Talking Ben
"Cheaters never win, but I just graduated."
"My eyes are open!"
"Foods before dudes."
"I don't wish I was Beyonce. Beyonce wishes she was me."
"I'm a senior, but I stay fresh man."
"Don't follow your dreams, follow my socials."
"I want abs…olutley all the pasta and breadsticks."
"Become friends with someone, and they may allow you to take certain items from their home." - Skyrim loading screen.
"My hairline may be worse than LeBron's, but you'll never know." #Turbansquad
"Please accept this sandwich as a gesture of my solidarity."
"AAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUGGGHH!" - Mufasa, /The Lion King/
"AAAAAAaaaaugh!" - Yoda, /Lego Star Wars, the Complete Saga/
"I didn't choose the thug life, my mom picked it out for me."
"No, I don't know what it's like in New York City."
"Yoooo make up a senior quote for me, I'm not at school."
"I wonder what kind of jobs my ancestors had."
"When's this due?"
"Whatever it is, I didn't do it."
"I've been embarrassing myself since about birth."
"Life is though, but it's thougher if you're stupid." - John Wayne
"I'm the Mariah Carey in a school filled with Ariana's."
"Ho ho ho ho." - Talking Ben
"Ho ho ho ho." - Santa Claus
"Opinions are like mixtapes: I don't want to hear yours."
"AARRHHHHUNNNNGH!" - Chewbacca
"I don't even go here."
"LOL, bye."
"I'm so much cooler online."
"I'm so much cooler in person."
"Is mayonnaise an instrument?" - Patrick Star
"I'm sorry that people are so jealous of me, but I can't help it that I'm so popular."
"I'm sorry that people are so jealous of me, but I can't help it that I'm so smart."
"Everyone's a critic" - Splinter, /Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles/
"I'm trash, but the high quality trash rich people have, like crumpled up 100 dollar bills and caviar leftovers."
"What a day! Nothing happened and I'm still tired!"
"Befriending the administration will get you anywhere ;)"
"Thank you Mario! But our senior quote is in another yearbook!"
"What if we spelled 'people' like this: 'peeple'? That would be funny I think." - Kim Kardashian.
"What if one day you woke up and you were a chicken nugget."
"This is totally going on my blog."
"Zzzzzzzzzzz" - Me in every class
"My presence is a present."
"Is this the Krusty Krab?"
"No, this is Patrick." - Patrick Star
"Me gusta!"
"My brother took my quote."
"When my eyes are closed, I can't see."
"I'm going to steal the Declaration of Independence." - Nicholas Cage
"This is nothing but a hive, and I am the one and only Queen Bee."
"I was sitting one day and a camera went off. I am not a model."
"Blah blah blah blah blah blah."
"I like turtles."
"I like snakes."
"I like cats."
"I like dogs."
"The worst part about donating blood is the feeling of giving."
"Sometimes, I get emotional over fonts." - Kanye West
";)"
":("
":'("
":)"
"The best things in life are free."
"The best things in life are free. Like long walks to the freezer to get some Ben and Jerry's strawberry cake, yummm!"
"Dun dun DUUNNNNNNNNN!"
"I'm the Drake in a school of Meek Mills."
"Life's like a box of chocolates - sometimes you get punched in the face."
"The Illuminati is literally just me, a bunch of horses, and Barack Obama." - Andrew Hussie
"Man those were some good tacos." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"If you can't afford pizza, then you can't afford me."
"Wubba lubba dub dub!" - Rick Sanchez from the hit TV show /Rick and Morty/
"I'm throwing shade like it's sunny." - Nicky Minaj
"I am a ravenous wolf."
"Take your life as it comes in your face and runs down your chin."
"If I had a car, I would be like Fast & the Furious. I'm serious, like the Joker asking Batman, 'why so serious?'"
"Every year, many, many stupid people graduate from college. If they can, so can you."
"Bash your head against a wall repeatedly and eventually the wall will cave in." 
"I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
"No A's?"
"That is literally so embarrassing."
"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
"Hold the vision, trust the process." - Unknown
"Shoot for the moon; if you miss you'll die in space, which is cool." - Katya Zamolodchikova
"To all the teachers that never taught me a thing."
"I've learned to say 'here' when the teacher hesitates while taking attendance."
"Ravioli, ravioli, give me the Diplomioli!" 
"I don't always graduate, but when I do, it's barely."
"Remember that true beauty comes from within bottles, compacts and lipstick tubes." - Jeffree Star
"I don't know, you can put in some quote for me." 
"The only reason I went to school all this time is to distract myself from the fact I'll never be Beyonce."
"This was so easy a caveman could do it." - Unknown
"This is where the fun begins." - Anakin Skywalker
"If movies have taught me anything, this is where the real fun starts."
"If I can graduate with loads of tardies, you can too."
"I don’t feel so good."
"If you wanna find me, just send me location." - Khabib Nurmagomedov
"One can never have enough socks." - Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter





