"Would you like you if you met you?"
"I have no idea what I am doing, but I know I'm doing it really well." - Andy Dwyer
"Your future is only as good as the work you put into it."
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
"If you follow your dreams, you can be capable of anything."
"You can't move forward without saying goodbye to the past."
"Don't assume the answer is no before you ask the question."
"Try and fail, but never fail to try" - Jared Leto
"Yesterday is what brought you to today."
"I haven't even begun to peak." - Dennis Reynolds.
"One person's craziness is another person's reality." - Tim Burton
"Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone pretends to love." - Emma Watson
"The longer you can look back, the further you can look forward." - Winston Churchill
"Dreams are often profound when they seem the most crazy." - Sigmund Freud
"The future belongs to those who can prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
"Life is great, but most of life is hard work." - Iain Duncan Smith
"The past is always tense, but the future is perfect." - Zanie Smith
"I'm looking forward for the future, and feeling grateful for the past." - Mike Rowe 
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It's hard to beat a person who never gives up." - George Herman Ruth
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet." - Aristotle
"Don't regret the past, just learn from it." - Ben Ipock
"Be not afraid of growing slowly, be only afraid of standing still." - Chinese Proverb
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost all the same." - Colin R. Davis
"You don't destroy what you want to acquire in the future." - Suzanne Collins
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Anonymous
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
"Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances solely found together." - Napoleon Hill
"Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right." - Isaac Asimov
"The road to success is always under construction." - Lily Tomlin
"Certain things only catch the eye, but only pursue those that catch the heart." - Ancient Indian Proverb
"Little by little, one travels far." - J. R. R. Tolkien
"Paths are made by walking." - Franz Kafka
"From error to error one discovers the entire truth." - Sigmund Freud. 
"The wisest men follow their own direction." - Euripides
"We know who we are, but not who we may be." - William Shakespeare
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain"
"If the opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Do not follow where the path may lead." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Every next level of your life will make a different you." - Anonymous
"Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around." - Henry David Thoreau
"The scariest moment is just before you start." - Stephen King
"Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside; awakens." - Carl Jung
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you'll harvest later." - Og Mandino
"Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
"Physics works, and I am still alive." - Walter Lewin
"If I've learned one thing in school it's that these quotes are the only thing that matter."
"Character is a course. Finish it."
"The world is waiting for us to graduate from ourselves."
"Be careful who you call crazy. Some may think that's a compliment."
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible." - Walt Disney
"Thanks Mom and Dad! I couldn't have done it without you!"
"You've been watching for the last twelve hours straight, are you okay?" - Netflix
"Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"Mondays are fine. It's your life that sucks." - Ricky Gervais
"Unfortunately, there is no lifeguard at the gene pool." - David Gerrold
"And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make" - The Beatles
"The love that's been given you is the one thing time can't erase" - John Denver
"Follow your own path, dreams, and heart. Don't rely on others to lay down the stepping stones."
"Hey, trust your gut, go for it or don't, but if there's one thing I learned in high school, it's that life goes on, my friend."
"The two most important days of your life are the day you are born, and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"Put your trust in Allah: for Allah is your all-sufficient protector." - Quran 33:3
"You never really know. But when they know. You'll know. You know?" - Crush the Turtle
"Only if we understand, will we care. Only if we care, we will help. Only if we help shall all be saved." - Jane Goodall
"Here for a good time not a long time." - Drake
"Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise." - Kobe Bryant
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." - Barack Obama
"Wow, that was really scary." - Donkey, /Shrek/
"I don't have to agree with you to like you or respect you." - Anthony Bourdain
"If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try." - Seth Godin
"Life is like a mirror. Smile at it and it smiles back at you." - Peace Pilgrim. 
